hello you channel two features and tv
today we are shooting mycroft and me
I write down a new program and immediately and and
check so today we have a real
telly in minecraft here it is our telly
beautiful so but everything is beautiful everything ok
not so straight well mega hard twitches
a little bit here something is twitching blocks but
it's nothing about asphalt
because its stiffness is simple
rolls over by the way that's the house in which we
Were so to speak by the way this card
you can transfer to your server or
to yourself in the world everything is done so well it
type of the globe here on Th us here
whales flowers curtains we have it without mods
I say everything without mods mods one
I don't have a mod on minecraft
I dash force can not install here
forchane installs but her fashion
but still it's all without mods even here
there are a lot of things on the pistons
There is no reason to mods and appearing and
as we appeared in the world we have such
card card called teveri mode
repair in english remote and we are teveri
they say there we poke the right mouse button
just poke on the telly this remote
we have ours, and here we see that whether it is a TV set
type resident there building burned it two
man talking here is cool
Now the most fun will be
here is the kitten all the most cool
this time of adventure were so our
channel adventure time damn this is the
cool program let 's again can
we'll see and I'll show you what's done
all the same it is a mega cool mechanism
everything is done command blocks and on
mastery of dudes who came up with it
this
card english such guys adventure
hour
zen boy and jake dog and go to us
so well shorter somehow sang so well
Now the site is where we have a garden
small where you can retire okay
and now I will show how it's all done
here we have but the lamp is garbage here on
what is built and how many blocks
here here is a bunch of a bunch of a bunch of these
blocks of all sorts of damn horror command blocks
it's all necessary to prescribe everything you need to do
it's terrible how much
so here we have a button like a dream
General fighters and laptop studio this
music done
and here we also have some cm
and here and here you have what is written too
Muzychka music in principle even have it
the first telly which has music
I don’t see these TVs anymore
Well, here we have something that is written chicks are those
it's probably not sure what the fuck is
wire or something you do not understand well, in short all
so tricky done a lot
everyones
but by the way and the animation here is this animation
I have not seen the animation of the Trudovik here not
shows us well here is this man who
the news these two men talking
kitty of this, too , something was not sorry I
would look and jay contests and finn
boy and children to us here here well
so well here's a mechanism I think for
it can be put on like sign
By the way the link to the card will be in the description
just follow the link and click
donload green button is lighter
Nowhere is it even easier than on the Yandex disk and
easier than anyone you find well
put likes subscribe
tell a friend about this video is
will greatly help the development of my channel
there will also be a lot more releases i
I'll show you some versions
more TVs that will be even cooler
Clive still have animation and so on and
bye everyone